when speaking of the new rules for
work from Mexico that already
bring about change of habit many houses
in Rio de Janeiro for example increased the
search for frozen food and
pink day laborers service and still have
They arrive at the home of the money however they will
Use to do a complete cleaning
the two that were once employed
domestic workers are employees of a
cleaning company specializing in
homes
vera gave up having a maid pizza
the money ended up getting very happy
with this new way of having the house cleaned and
tidy
she spends 135 reais for cleaning and
This saves you money on your
supermarket has no doubt this was
was the primordial one also in this new
choice because it offered a lot of
cleaning paper is very expensive.
employees also benefited from this new
kind of work
I use everyone's rights and it ends
being much better in the house of
rosane
the main change was in the kitchen to
family now receives food
frozen per week and I'm like
daily and frozen gives much more
at ease
you come home strip oven freezer
everything's ready , according to
data from the Brazilian association of
franchising
the cleaning and conservation sector had
growth of more than 40% since
changed the labor legislation of
pretty
number of requests for budgets we are
now having to enlarge our team
the president of the organization does not
legal domestic government believes
that not all of the issued employed
will be absorbed by new companies
We do have the greatest dishonor.
employer because when the
employer studying the condition of
keep the maid and the informal maid
sign wallet is only entitled at home
will be signed